---
Date: 13th June 2022
---

* Your first sentence must start with a verb ending in ‘ing’
* Your second sentence must contain only three words.
* Your third sentence must be a complex sentence
* Your fourth sentence must be a rhetorical question
* Your fifth sentence will start with an adverb comma –ly,
* Your sixth sentence will contain a simile
* Your seventh sentence will start with an estimation of time
* Your eighth sentence will use two of the senses.
* Your ninth sentence will use an exclamation - We did it in the second one, so
we can leave it for now
* Your tenth sentence will use dialogue.

Screaming, was all you good hear after the game. We won victoriously! Hundreds
of fans roared because they were jubilant as they had won the championship.
Were the losing team happy? Miserably, there could only be one winner. The
losing team had tried their best but, like a football kick missed the goal.
Even after an hour, you could still hear the fans screaming. The taste of
success was sweet, and the sight of the fans made it even better. The crowd
began to chant "We Won!".

## Opening of a story
* Where is this taking place - the setting
* Introduce your protagonist (the main character), and possibly the second
character as well
* Atmosphere - the genre (the type of story)

## What I'm I going to describe?
* Year: 3009
* The world was destroyed in the year 3000, only 200 humans escaped on the
ship, the human race spent the next 9 years traveling looking for another
planet, and now we have found it
    * Earth 00000010

* The surface of the icey planet
* The alien ship - the ship is one from the aliens that took over earth, the
humans stole it to escape
* Orbs coming out of the alien ship - are humans coming down to the new planet
* What looks like another planet in the distance
* They sent robots in to test the planet, and it is different from earth, but
it is still safe to live on

## Opening paragraph
Hovering over Earth 00000010, the alien ship begun to send out escape pods. The
pods landed. The capsule opened and revealed a group of humans, who were
investigating this planet. Will this planet be safe?
