Write a story that ends 'I decided to get on with it'.

Your response could be real or imagined. You may wish to base
your response on one of the images.

Your response will be marked for the accurate and appropriate
use of vocabulary, spelling, punctuation, and grammar.

## List of adverbs
* Sadly
* Depressingly
* Miserably
* Glumly
* Joylessly
* Gloomily
* Worriedly
* Anxiously
* Uneasily
* Reflectively

## Who
### Protagonist
* Name: Dave
* Age: 17
* Occupation: Student
* Location: London
* Hobbies: Sports, spending time with friends, cooking, and Music

## What
* Sat down to do exam on computer, thinking about all the stress that will be caused if he fails this exam
### What is the exam about?
* The exam is a math exam
    * If Dave does not pass this he might not be able to get into the university

## Why
* Well if he fails, he's worried that his parents will be upset with him, and that he'll be a disappointment/failure

## Where
* A table in the protagonist's kitchen

## When
* Afternoon (around 3pm)

## How
* After our protagonist sits down to start his exam he starts to think
about how he has been preparing for this exam for months, and how if he
fails that he will become a failure, and this leads to his thoughts of self
doubt, and being consumed by anxiety throughout the test

* Then out of nowhere his head starts to feel like a storm inside.
    * A million different things racing at once
    * With no clear thought, Dave starts to forget how to even do the math in
    his exam

## First Try Intro
After months of preparing for the maths exam Dave sits down, ready to tackle
his maths exam. First thing first, Dave puts on his headphones, then proceeds
to unlock his computer and start to play music. After getting into the zone to
start the exam Dave opens up his school website to start his exam. That is the
very moment that Dave is hit with stress, and anxiety.

## Introduction
### Second Try (but always first still)
Two years of preparation have led Dave to this very moment. At this exact
moment Dave is about to sit down to take his maths GCSE. As Dave approaches the
computer, thoughts of failure start to form in his head. It is as if a storm of
terrible thoughts had formed in his head. As the exam starts, Dave begins to
feel there is no escape from the eye of the storm.

## Body
The storm roared louder. Like an animal attacking its prey, the storm got more
vicious the closer it got. Suddenly Dave felt that his whole world was crashing
down on him. Then out of nowhere the sky outside started to rain; this made
Dave's metaphoric storm feel all but real. Dave now begins to ponder, will he
ever even solve the first question?
