---
title: Semi colon
date: 15 September 2021
---

(I have no clue what the teacher is going on about. She is just rambling about
"your" friends gold fish. How is this English or semi colon related)

## Question 1
- Never told what this question was they just moved onto to number 2. COOL COOL
  COOL NO DOUBT
## Question 2
<br /> In your own words, explain the writers
thoughts and feelings. (Who what writer? What this came out of nowhere)

- Ah yes after 2 minutes of rambling she showed the text on the screen

### Text
It is my first night in Timphu, the captial, a nintey minute drive from the
airport in Paro.  It took five diffrent flights over four days to get here,
from Turnout to Monteral to Amesterdan to New Delhi to Calcutua to Parao. I am
exhausted, but I cant sleep.

From my simple, pine-paneled room at the Durk Sheir hotel, I watch the mountains
rise to the landscape resolved itself beyond the immediate wall in in front of
you. Flying in from the baked-brows plains of India this morning, I found out:
on the other side of mountains are mountains, more mountains and mountains
again. The entire each below us was a convulsion of mountains and gropes and wind
sharped pinnacle. Just past Everest, I caught glimpse of the Tibetenaen
platuea, the edge of a frozen dearest 4,500 meters above sea level. Timptus
altitude is about half of that, but even here the winter air is thin and dry
and very cold (that is bad English in the text two ands?)

### Answer
The writer seemed to like the mountain place as it was peaceful calming. But it
was also cold and maybe even a bit scary
