---
Title: Film Studies Summative
Date: 22th December 2021
---

1. Birds eye view
2. In the scene we see Oliver showing his two weeks of love making with
   Jordanna we see him put a boat made of paper into the water. This shot is a
   birds eye view as we are looking from above at a angle. This shot shows that
   they are now close together (they love each other). In the shot before we
   see the boat is the main focus, but in this shot we see the boat is no
   longer the main focus but Oliver and Jordanna are the main focus this shows
   there love for one another.
3. * The music in the background makes you feel you're going on a journey with the
  two main characters and watching them fall in love.
* Even though there not ever touching you get the feeling of togetherness as
  they never focus on just one person it always both of them in the frame.
* A lot of the time in this scene we go back to aspect ratio that looks like a
  tv from the 80s (4:3), because Oliver is filming this to save as we can see
  he is starting to fall in love and wants to save the memories.
4. Throughout the film we can see the colours most of the time are very
muted/pale. This gives the film a bit of a darker feel and makes you the viewer
feel more empathic watching it. Along with the colours a lot of the time the
film only really seems to be using natural light not a lot of a external
sources, the reason for doing this is yet again to make the viewer feel
empathic and yet again it also gives the film a darker tone.

During the film whenever we see Jordanna she always seems to be wearing
something red, and Oliver always seems to be wearing something dark. This shows
that unlike Oliver Jordanna is outgoing and more open person then Oliver who is
betrayed as a locked up person. Also the shade of red Jordanna normally wears
reminds you of the emotion love. This is to make you more engaged with her and
Oliver.
